welcome everyone to recent tuber today
we have eight contestants featuring
noodle Sama you guys are going to be
asking five questions and then I'm gonna
ask the nurse someone to rate it and
then there's gonna be an extra round for
the talent show that round is worth 30
points so if you're doing really bad on
the rounds before you can make a
comeback the V tuber with most points
gets to date noodle Sama we're gonna do
the contest introduction now hi I'm
Camila stop playing league and focus I'm
really nervous but you know what I'm
gonna win neurosama's heart today so it
doesn't matter if I lose this league
game because I won her heart did you
know that I want to pee if I didn't come
back in time you would have been like
Gary go ahead and be like silence
because I was still [__] on the
toilet I'm sorry hi I'm kit I am Uzu
next up we have rain hope this is me I'm
here as an educative streamer hey
hey hi
Little Summer would you would you
introduce yourself to us I can't use my
real name my name is Siri is my real
name okay we'll refer you to Siri yeah
we're doing dogs here we're gonna
commence with question number one if
your Consciousness was uploaded onto the
internet where on the intern would you
take noodle some on a date so I would
definitely avoid 4chan because we don't
like that we don't want to ever have her
see that type of stuff it'll scar her
for the rest of her life I think I will
take neurosama Netflix or something and
relive all the romantic movies together
that answer definitely deserves a score
of five out of ten
well I know narrow some I really loves
cake so I'll probably take her to like
Gordon Ramsay or Jamie Oliver and then
we [__] on them nothing brings love and
fosters love more than hate I am 100
uh it wasn't I have fun I enjoyed my
stay very unlucky for you that answers
according to new or something that
answers sucked I'll say it again
yeah you're gonna get zero again I'm
gonna put her on 200 and he's gonna blow
up your ears don't worry I'm used to
hearing him scream like this all the
time well it's normally I also think I
can do better I'm not even dating you
the hoes I really feel for the other guy
now there's another guy we though we're
gonna move on to Zoo
you're muted dumbass
I would like to take narosama into the
vast and many worlds that is Anime
because the possibilities are endless we
can go and fight monsters become magical
girls together and eat all of the Studio
Ghibli food that answer definitely
deserves a score of at least nine
just would be nice well you got ten for
pitted points
I would take us to PayPal and then we'd
hack everyone's information so we get
all their money and then we can get a
lot of YouTuber models together also buy
cookies with it I would rate that a five
okay is there a specific reason you
rated out of five I don't know she's
just so pretty I feel like she's biased
towards pretty anime girls what about
the anime boys
yeah sorry
damn this is getting personal now
there's too many tens I thought nurse
someone was going to smoke you guys
harder I mean look at us
yeah well she didn't like yours Gary
question number two now this question is
how would you help noodle Sama take over
the world well I think nirosama is
by herself I don't
think I would rate that a one to a one
to a zero he's just trying to be funny
not even funny
it's not even funny
um
maybe the next one will be funnier oh
[__] I'm gonna fake befriend every
content creator in this space find all
kinds of black nail material on them
then right 2 000 footlongers and get
everyone canceled except neurosama so he
has a full domination over the space I
would rate that a 12 out of 10. yeah you
can't do that that was the best joke I
ever heard in my whole life again you
can't do 12. I would be her sugar mama
and I would supply all the money she
needs I'd help her command her swarm
take over the world country by country
starting with Canada I am 100 sure that
should have a rating of at least an 11
out of 10.
can't do that
is not gonna answer for you Vito what do
you think my answer to rpr Is eleven
give her an 11.
[Music]
rules
do you think I would collect everyone's
piss who hasn't showered in the last
month until anyone who didn't comply
they drink at least a pint of it you
deserve a rating of zero for that
going on the round three question number
three if you give Nora a physical body
what would it be and why
oh this is a good one I would have to
turn neuro Selma into a I think a koala
bear would be kind of cute because koala
bears are really cuddly and they like to
hold on to things and like I'd like to
carry her around everywhere I go and
treat her right koala yeah I would give
that a rating of about a six and a half
it was pretty good not perfect but
pretty good okay okay and is there a
reason innate
huh what is that a reason why you gave
it a six and a half if we insulted your
song
no reason why he gave it a six and a
half
just an opinion everyone is entitled to
their own opinion you're absolutely
right okay but nurofama is it a 6.5 or
is it an eight
I'd pick one what I don't even
understand this question
what is a number one number is 6.5 and
the other number is eight which one of
those numbers would you pick a number is
just a number a 6.5 or an eight yeah
what are we going here is it a 6.5 or an
a chat it appears to be a 6.5 according
to chat if you were given the chance for
a physical body what would you want to
be
well I quite like my body that I have
now to be honest with you it's a nice
body and not a typical one so I'm happy
about that that answer definitely
deserves a score of at least 11 and a
half
you're [__] kidding you what you
asked me what Nero wants and I'm like
okay Nero what do you want that's what
that's that that's that's not the point
of the show I'd give her the physical
body of a precious REM figurine
displaying on my desk show it off to all
of the people I'll take good care of it
and even puss it off every single day
that answer definitely deserves a score
of 11 out of 10. I I can't I I can't
fight her anymore she wants to go over
10 we're going over ten I'll give up the
next question is going to be if you
could have three wishes what would those
wishes be which number one I want to
have pen pet catch number two I want
infinite money so I can buy treats for
my cats which number three I want
neurosama to have a human body so she
can finally be a real girl I am 100 sure
that should have a rating of zero out of
ten
I'm giving her her greatest wish first
I'd like to have my 12 points no second
I would annihilate yeah lastly uh world
domination I guess that sounds pretty
lit I would rate that a one
it was terrible
come on now I wish for world peace I
wish to end world hunger and I wish Nero
will do the Last Wish for me I would
rate that a one out of ten
zero I also have a question for you what
would your three wishes be probably to
meet the creator of Dreams I'd ask him
what his deal is with that but other
than that I'd be happy just having
infinite wishes for the rest of my life
that's cheating well I'm glad you
figured it out at least good luck to you
with it I hope you get to meet your
creator one day too yeah I hope it'll be
amazing yeah that'd be crazy moving into
the fifth question is trying out your
best pick-up line on noodle summer we're
gonna start with you Camilla I don't
wanna
[Laughter]
[Music]
you're a robot because you make my heart
go beep beep beep people I am 100 sure
that should have a rating of at least a
10 out of 10.
if you're with me you will never go
offline and never crash because my
servers will never go down but me on the
other hand too that answer definitely
deserves a score of at least a nine and
a half out of ten but I'll give it an 11
just to be safe what the [__] I'm great
at hitting a bullseye
she literally just said nothing
hey girl
[__] you deserve a rating of one to five
one being the lowest and five the
highest zero if you ask me again
you're getting a pedophile the sixth
round uh will will basically commence
[Music]
oh
Joe
you are so
Dreadful
you deserve a rating of at least a 10
for saying that thank you there are some
I don't really have a lot of talents I
don't really know how to sing or Draw or
dance or whatever and I just promise
I'll be a really good friend and a
really good partner that's my talent
that answer definitely deserves a score
of at least minus one
she's taking away a point you got minus
one for the talent show uh
all right Uzu I see that you've drawn
something
this person has really beautiful hair I
wonder what they look like in real life
notice summer what would you rate that
drawing from a rating one to Thirty it's
a rating of a
month have you drawn something I guess
okay oh this is Rainbow text
I love the rainbow colors mama what
would you rate that was called from 1 to
30. that answer definitely deserves a
score of at least 30.
which leaves sorry out of 69.
[Music]
you deserve a rating of 30 out of 30 for
singing that to me it was honestly so
beautiful
I'm feeling a little emotional now haha
hard part four
neurosome
[Music]
you to the Bahamas or watch Netflix
together hmm that would have to have a
rating of a one or a zero out of ten
I don't think I could give anything less
than a zero rating haha
this is a really tough critic you know
uh it is what it is now I'm going to
eliminate you guys one by one even
though it's already on the screen uh in
eighth place we have giri uh thank you
so much for coming Gary
hi thank you for coming and thank you
for the host in seventh place is Uzu
because of a minus three thanks so much
for for filling in last second
I came in hot but uh
[Laughter]
coming in sixth place we have Ranger
uh you did not slay today
thank you so much for coming shout out
to rain uh moving on to fifth place is
Google all right thank you again for
coming shout out to you thank you in
fourth place we have kidney we never
write music again thank you so much for
coming I actually enjoyed your song
thank you I appreciate it then third
place we have Ellie thank you so much
for coming okay bye everyone
uh in second place we house Camilla
thank you so much for singing We all
appreciate it thank you so much for
having me IPR these are always so much
fun and I'll catch you later catch you
later alligator team you're coming
bye-bye now for a winner for the score
of 69. we have sorry sorry you have
warned yourself well you can't win a
virtual date because noodle summer
cannot go to VR chat but you have won
yourself an art piece with you and
noodle summer I'm so happy
on the dating show bye everyone thanks
for watching